VISION
Our vision is to operate a high performance College which provides effective schooling for educating and equipping students with the life skills to become responsible, caring, self-disciplined and adaptable young people in a changing society and eventually to be employable and productive members of the community and citizens of an increasingly globalized world.  The College will nurture wholly developed, well-balanced, life-long learners who are moral, literate and cultured, intellectually, physically and emotionally strong, and ready and willing to serve society.

MISSION
Our mission is to provide a well-rounded education for the total development of our students, encompassing moral, intellectual, physical, social and aesthetic aspects. The College believes that each student has worth and is endowed with potential and that we develop our students to the fullest. We also believe that every child has talent and this should be nurtured. Each student should also become an effective and independent learner by learning to accept responsibility for his or her learning outcomes.

The College exists to educate and develop every student to his or her full potential so that they will grow up to become well-rounded people with the following attributes:
- international in outlook, culturally aware and proud of their own heritage;
- bi-literate and tri-lingual, with confidence and competence to communicate effectively in a global community;
- well-versed in the use of information technology both within the classroom and outside;
- logical, independent and creative thinkers with the resourcefulness to make sound decisions;
- well-prepared for continuous and active life-long learning;
- knowledge of the humanities as well as basic scientific and mathematical concepts
- civic-conscious, patriotic and willing to contribute to the community;
- morally aware and appreciative of traditional Chinese values (such as loyalty, reliability, responsibility, self-discipline, punctuality, obedience, filial piety and family values);
- cultured and able to appreciate and enjoy the visual and performing arts;
- physically fit and knowledgeable about healthy living.

The Incorporated Management Committee (IMC) of the HKMA David Li Kwok Po College was set up in 2007. Composition of the IMC:
    Chairman
        Mr. TIEN Puk Sun Michael, BBS JP
    Sponsoring Body Manager
        Ms. WOO Chi Kwan Titania
        Mr. CHEONG Shin Keong
        Ms. CHOW Florence Lai Sim
        Ms. LEUNG Man Yan Ivy       
    Alternate Sponsoring Body Manager
        Dr. NG Chak Wah Doris
    Independent Manager
        Mrs IP, Tsang Chui Hing Betty
    Principal
        Mr MOK, Yat Fan Dennis
    Parent Manager  
        Mr Deepak Vittal Shetty
    Alternate Parent Manager
        Mr WONG, Lam Kin Felix
    Teacher Manager
        Ms CHU, Pui Ni Florence
    Alternate Teacher Manager 
        Mr YAU, Ming Hei
    Alumni Manager
        Mr SINGH, Karndeep